Update website cc pages. (#215)
yagpdb-cc/yagpdb-cc: yagpdb-cc-website/docs/birthday/birthday.md

title: Birthday CC
---

This custom command adds birthday functionality to your server, wishing members all the best on their respective date.

**Trigger Type:** `Regex`

**Trigger:** `\A\-(my|start|stop|set|get|del)b(irth)?days?`

**Usage:** 

> Commands and usage is outlined in the [read me](birthdayREADME/#commands).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Commands and usage is outlined in the [README](birthdayREADME/#commands).
```
A little nag
